All right so now we're going to work on the gallery display so the gallery is just going to be a way
to display posts that are in that category.
All right.
So we're going to do.
We already created the category.
Now I want these.
These posts here that are on the home page to be the ones that are also in gallery.
So let's go to this post and you can see it's featured.
Let's also make it.
Gallery will do the same for the other two.
This one here gallery.
All right.
And then what we're going to do is we're going to go to appearance menus and let's click on categories
and then click just gallery we're going to check gallery and add to menu.
All right.
We'll put this right here.
So save and as far as the functionality.
It's all set up.
We got a gallery.
You can only see see it's only showing posts that are in the gallery.
But we want to customize the way this looks.
So what we can do is we can create a new file and save it as category dash and then whatever the category
name is in this case gallery.
All right.
And since I did that.
Now if we go and reload we get a blank page.
OK let's copy what we have in index and paste it there.
OK and then what we're going to do is change this H-1 to gallery and you can put whatever text you want
here for the gallery or just remove it.
And then we're going to change this query around.
Let's change this to gallery query and we're going to change this to category name which is going to
be in gallery and get rid of this or replace this actually
.
All right.
And then and here what we're going to do is get rid of this whole article
and this is actually going to be very simple.
I'm just going to paste this in.
All right so we just have a div.
It's going to be a four column div and it's going to have the thumb thumbnail.
It's going to be full size.
And we're going to add the class HPR grow for the hover CSSA animation.
All right.
So let's save that and go back and reload and then we have our gallery images.
And let's actually wrap this in a section
and I'll give it a class of gallery
and see that Will.
And here
we go.
And these shouldn't be here.
All right.
So I think that's it.
God is we have our four corners theme.
You know it's pretty simple but I think it's pretty clean and elegant and yeah.
So that's it.
All right.
Hopefully you guys liked this project and they'll see you in the next one.